Objective 3

I have elapsed the time given of 2-3 hrs on this assignment, I'd envisage it will take an additional 1-2 hours to complete objective 2.

When creating an application, the emphasis is to create test before writing functionality, a previous application consisted of writing mock data and querying that to write methods and functions. A key was written within the configuration to switch to a database at a later stage and the same tests were compatible with actual data.

I have tried to keep the unit test within the assignment, consistent with the ones already written, following the same convention.

The codebase seems well-written and straight forward to refactor. I have updated the sql connection string as I had a new version. The offerStatus was renamed/refactored to Statuses, as a status flag for viewing appointments could also apply - overall one enumeration file could be created with different method names in which the application can share from. 
Further refactoring can be done by merging the handlers into one class file, making available different functions.

Also I usually like to place dbcontext, initializer files within the Data directory.

To finish objective 2 I would follow the same path as objective 1. I would setup the ViewingAppointment table within the database, update the model and migrations.
I would use a calendar control with bootstrap to persist the viewing date time to the table. The seller could then accept/reject or propose a counter date time.

I have also noticed a buyer can make several offers on the property, maybe only 1 offer can be made until its status has been changed by the seller.

Azure.
In this instance I have not deployed to Azure, recently I have deployed a .net core project to Azure and I faced an issue when publishing direct from Visual studio when it froze due to resource group settings. I have got round this by setting up the publish details on Azure first and then connecting the publish build from VS.
